Waka Flocka you watch a lot from the
street mr. green spot what's up it's
green live from the streets I got my boy
black Dave we're about to get some skate
sounds and then make a beat out of it if
it grinds give it a try
the wheels get like frozen right yeah
cold or feels it feels different I like
it it's 15 degrees right now
about skating in the winter what's the
best parts in the winter
oh it's Rob man we've never had any
indoor skate parks anywhere to really go
and yeah kind of
stay warm and skate but we kick it to
the streets how we do throughout the
rest of the year you know and just kind
of bundle up yeah put on like two three
jackets two pairs of pants two pairs of
socks
yeah and just get to it all right so I
just got back from the skate spot I was
over there with my boy black Dave who is
like the king of the skate and rap
I've never seen anyone in my life was
able to skate at a pro level and rap at
a pro level it's crazy I took this sound
for the kick and then the snare and the
hi-hat then after that I decided this
piano part
you
so with the piano and the drums all
right so the beats done now we got to
get someone to rap on it happy happy
happy happy
I'll be high in the morning I'll be high
ah it I'll be hot starting at
8 a.m. end up in another place that I
don't know where I met a couple weird
sounds that's Burger drill um but that
sneeze grown-ups sneeze burp fart and
I'll cut you free what's up it's
green so I already made a beat out of
the skate sounds and I got Walker to
spit on it but now I'm back here with
black Dave the king of the rapping skate
I'm about to get him to spin a
verse on that bro let's make this happen
y'all live from the streets I'll be high
in the morning blowin dope in the back
of the former remedy that heavy tree my
doctor of ID that medically
a behind the morning a behind
hi in the morning blowing dope
in the back of the former remedied a
heavy tree my doctor vowed that
medically my enemies they
know I got the recipe
rave party ho x loud music in the all
nights me a mildly first-class flying I
know it's wrong but it feel right
I already got drink all I needs right as
the name of her ace time showing do we
should do leaves just all night
just my type long hair her eyes like
batshit drummer dead jack both in the
basic dead man let's browse dollar drink
head bitch life smart one like war hey
whoa hey right lady shake it you wait
for the dogs drinking green mega sofa
say to the Haitian hey hey hey hold up
yummy we just smoked out of
I'll be hot starting at 8:00 a.m.
end up in another place that I don't
know I met lyrics don't make no sense
dog I am hot so all it makes me
since doggone minute Scott Scott